Al-Hamdollilah! By the grace of Allah, this organization is serving the poor and the distressed people of our society since 5th May 1999. We are a part of a society where the majority of the people residing in villages and towns are living below the poverty line and even deprived of the basic necessities of life.

Now let us take a look at the life of the people living in cities, where unfortunately living conditions are not much different. If we examine their family size, we find a very painful situation, where in a small rented house the husband and the wife with their four children survive with a very low earning.

In today’s world where inflation is at its peak, it is impossible for them to pay for their electricity, children’s education and any medical treatment of any family member.

How will the head of the family be able to provide for the needs of his children?? The result: he takes loans. He is not to be blamed because he is responsible to provide three meals a day for his family and he is forced to use the wrong means to fulfill his family’s needs.

Undoubtedly, the poor and the needy are helpless. Our organization spends time with them and is fully aware of their problems and weaknesses. Therefore we want to help them in such a way that all financial aid is free from interest. In view of all the difficulties faced by the poor, Saylani Welfare International Trust has organized 63 different sectors to sort out the problems of the ones who are in need. These departments are efficiently working for the cause of the society.

By the Grace of the Almighty Allah, it can be proudly said that this organization has become a back-bone of the poor society and provides help after a complete inquiry survey. This organization receives aid from different parts of the world. Each and every penny is spent after a strict inquiry and a utilization report is delivered to those who send this aid to us. In this report, addresses of the people to whom these donations have been given, is mentioned with details. This shows that your money has been given to the right people. You can also contact these people with the help of their addresses and get a confirmation whether the organization has provided them with the aid and if they are really the ones who deserve. In a way, your sadaqa or zakaat is being spent with your own hands. Our aim is to inquire and survey to find the ones who need us.